---
layout: robots
title: Hey I'm Mike
---

Hi, my name is Mike and I love crafting web apps. I'd like to
talk

## About me

I'm a web developer who loves building useful apps. I started out using
lots of different technologies (C, Java to name a few), but they never
felt right. Then I stumbled upon Ruby (and Rails) a few years back and
never looked back.

I always try to better my craft and learn new tricks and techniques.
Despite feeling like there is never enough time in the day I enjoy
reading about them and trying them out on projects.

I have developed and maintained s sizable amount of web apps ranging
from small online quiz apps to larger more complicated ones where we
developer a small ETL framework. Recently I've been responsible for
leading a small team (3 people) at a [local shop](http://bonetics.com)
working on [client projects](http://bonetics.com/work/) as well as
building an [app just for us](https://coff.io). Despite being a
challenge, I felt like I've gained as much as I could and its time to
move on.

Going into this year I've decided to not take any new work at my current
company and focus on finding new challenges. This leads me to talking


## About you

Thoughtbot has been on the shortlist of companies I wanted to work at
for a while now. Being primarily a Ruby on Rails shop I've always had my
eye on you - reading blogposts, listening to your podcasts (giant robots
rock) and using a lot of opensource the company has produced. 

The fact that the company values a lot of great ideas when it comes to
producing great software (like focus on testing, teaching and learning,
sane work schedule, bleeding edge technologies and other great aspects)
resonate deeply with me. I've read your
[playbook](http://playbook.thoughtbot.com/) a while back and almost
everything in there makes me go 'great idea' and feels like a place a
motivated person can thrive.

Since I'm based in the EU and Thoughtbot is in the US I always
considered it to be prohibitively difficult to arrange it so that I
could work there. I've recently learned that you have an office in
Stockholm and would love to have and opportunity to work there.

Hopefully, you're interested to hear more from me so

## Let's talk more

Have a look around [this site]({{site.url}}) which I try to update as
often is I can.  You will find links to my [work
profile](http://sk.linkedin.com/in/{{ site.linkedin }}) and my [other
activities]({{site.url}}/blog). When you're ready you can contact me using
[iam@michalolah.com](mailto:iam@michalolah.com)
